Okay now that we are done with the cover page and the executive summary we're going to move on down
in order and work on our management team.
And again if you look at the Table of Contents here you'll see that it's an order of what we're doing
now just to make it flow nicely.
So right now we're going to work on mainstream or view and you can always click here to go right there.
There you go good.
All right.
Back we go.
So here what you're going to do is you just kind of copy and paste agreed details.
If you enter an information earlier back in Step Four it'll all appear here for you automatically.
So let me just use mine as an example.
So if I were to go here it and I want to get rid of this because I'm here walking you through it's a
Tauriel but you can leave it there and click that letter if you want whatever.
So what are going to do is I'm going to get rid at the end.
Why don't we update this.
I need to get rid of all the boards it's going look awesome.
You'll see.
So what you do is you highlight this if you want OK.
There's a couple of ways to do everything and that will fill up your field to copy and then go here
and paste.
And obviously it's going to be right here.
It's going to pull it up there directly.
And then you would copy and paste what's in there.
So you hit copy and then you'd paste it right there.
And I set it up in such a way that it will flow nicely there.
So let's just do mine.
Guess I got a copy here and then here I'm going to go paste special text only.
There it is.
Tony Clark OK.
Next up we got the final business picture of you and that's actually that field there.
I'll show you when I click HERE COME ON.
There you go.
So actually I put it down here so I can link here so say we were somewhere else in the in our report
and we're lost somewhere or whatever.
If you were to paste it here will automatically jump right to here.
Where are your images.
And if you don't have it here you can go back and get it from Part 4 of the course which is over here.
Management outputs if you created here you just go back here and this will all automatically be opened
for you I just close earlier.
And then you can go here and you can grab the picture of you and that picture of the rest your management
team.
If you have it available to discuss from here and give me a second here your computer sponsored mine.
All right so there it is there you can grab it from here directly.
OK now I'm going to go back here to the business by OK and I'm just going to copy and paste my stuff
now.
So go back down a management team.
OK.
So I paste in my name and then I got a copy this image here.
And earlier in the course we talked about formatting this and I recommended that used as was it points
1.5 or so both of them.
And this is directly from Linked-In and we talked about earlier in the course right here in the lower
third.
Okay back we go.
There are two pieces here.
It fits nicely.
And then your bio so again you can copy this and paste it into the field here and it's just going to
it'll go right here on Mackley you'll see you don't have to do this but if you're lost you'll come back
here.
So whenever you ventured for your bio earlier on Sept. 4 will come through here.
Okay.
And then I'm going to copy just mine just for an example.
Run away sorry.
And then I will pay special as always.
There we go.
There's my pretend bike and then I've got one more thing which is the final BP business plan your logo's.
OK.
So that's going to.
It'll bring you down here a few.
If you added it and you always go back to set for that gap there.
But if I've got these logos here is what you can do is where it's pretty cool.
And this works for Excel and PowerPoint.
They all work together the same way it's the same company obviously but what you can do is you can group
solve them case you select them all by just de-select them.
And so all of these are about point 3 I think by point three point four I guess in this case whether
it's good enough.
All right so you select all of them by pushing the button down on shift as you click all those Then
you right click and then you group them together and just group some as one group of images that make
it easier just to move around.
And then you copy those completely up to you how you want to do it over here and then you just highlights
and then just paste out the paste special and just kind of paste it there.
That's what looks like.
OK.
So you're going to do that for all your employees let me just do two more employees.
I'm going to do Wrigley.
Is his name is Ryan Reynolds here.
So I copy this.
And now what I do is I'm going to paste it into rectally here.
I mean get rid of that because I'm already coaching you through this paste special.
It's a little bit tedious but it's going to it's going to pay off big time see.
It's going to be me.
And then I get a copy.
Ryan Reynolds bio which is all just dummy data here.
You know see
pay special tax.
And then the image here which is the same as this image in terms of the formatting.
And we'll use the same images too if you want to watch the optional how to put your presentation together
as well based on whatever template you select that I give you.
And you can see in this lecture here lower third.
All right.
So back here in I copy paste.
Sorry.
So I got the image and we have to pay special because it is an image so just paste over top at paste
nodded.
Ok there is there.
And then we can grab the story here and I group them as well just to make it easier to copy.
Go back here pasted on top.
There you go.
All right.
And then one more thing I show you how to get rid of these borders here so we don't put scarlet.
Sorry Scott.
Scarlet Johansson.
Don't get sued and I'm just going to show you three employees and most you won't have 10 employees anyway.
But let me just go here and delete the rest.
Those Kevin and then I want to put this in next page so you can keep hitting enter or hit command enter
command or to run the same thing at a insert a page break if I go here.
It shows the page pre-cancer that can get optional of course.
I may go back here and I'm going to go down and get my vice president of sales somebody named Skaro
and Jozen
who used to be married to one.
All right.
Well two years ago.
Sorry but the speed of my Mac I got so many things running.
OK then I'm going to get the pretend bio.
This is just dummy data and I'm going to paste this directly here.
And by the way let's say you screwed up bios and you're not sure which one.
Which one should play on the list first or you forgot to bring one over.
You can always click here and then select the name again and it will pull the information over using
this special field.
You don't have to do this I don't recommend to it because I'm already pulling the data back already
from somewhere else.
All right now we're going to we're going to get Ms.
Anderson's picture.
And we're going to select this and use that pace not pay specialists image.
There we go.
Almost done.
And there were a select the three D.C. images.
I know it's marble.
You probably find a lot of people there.
OK here.
OK.
And then we're done.
You can get in here.
Looks like there's a typo.
You just fix that there if you want it to whatever.
All right.
Now I'm just going to get rid of the borders and all these just to make it look nice so you can keep
the boards in if you want.
I suggest not doing it just looks better without it.
So I forgot this slight to all the all the cells.
There you go.
And I just go through this de-selected Kavran borders I made the same mistake in the older I get the
better was there and then the same thing here I'll see if I do it right this time.
I think I got it.
OK.
Got great looks dope looks good looks good.
So you've got the management team or if you hear if you want you can make these image a little bit smaller
to fit everything in one sly looks.
Looks pretty cool.
Oh look nice too when we put it into our presentation if you do that part of the Course as well.
OK.
So we've got this we've got three of them.
And then just for fun and we'll do the very I'm going to show you now.
See these are the fields you put here.
Watch this.
If I update this and it automatically has added the mesh teams here Tony Tony shark and then Ryan Reynolds
and scarlet and Joseph and it's right here.
So if I were to click anywhere else that's what it looks like.
Yes.
That's why we have heading ones heading 2:6.
OK.
Then if you have bored advisors you do the exact thing I just showed you.
Otherwise you can skip that.
And so I would put in in if you can't remember where it is.
In the course you can just select that old runway and then you can paste up here and it's just going
to highlight your first board person down here.
But you don't have anybody selected and you might even turn that off before if you do to show up here
she can skip that part.
If I were to add board advisors wanting you to do is I going to add both of these really quickly when
you go in a high speed boat.
And I'm just going to show it to I'm not going about it with their own high speed boat.
Put this in
OK and we're done here if you have grammatical or spelling mistakes you can update them here if you
want.
And then you get rid of this stuff that explains how to do this how head explain how to do this.
And then here the outsource partners if you have them you're included here otherwise just delete all
this stuff here.
But if you scroll down maybe you have the maybe you don't maybe you de-selected turned off looks like
I did this example.
But if you didn't they would appear here.
And then I just have dummy data here and the same person four times but Ill grab all five outsource
partners if you have them in.
So it's just a simplistic copy here.
And then you just paste it directly here for each one of the names.
OK.
So let's we'll type there for four months or K and then you'll have the bio here as well.
You don't have that issue with your pictures.
OK.
And then you'll you'll paste this in here like that's.
And if you have more of them whenever they appear here I don't include that.
And if you wanted to just a pretty it up and save this space and say only have one and you can just
bring it back to this page too if you want it to him prettied up a bit and keep that on the next page
you're caught completely completely.
And then next up we've got employee recruiting strategy if you had it you just kind of copy and paste
it.
Right.
Is it directly from here.
And we are done with the management section.
So if you wanted to I recommend do had the budget for fire and do it now because all that stuff's going
to disappear.
Update the fields.
They'll get rid of all the extra stuff they're going to get.
So here we have our executive summary dump done board advisors done outsource partners and then just
this stuff here and then you're done.
And if you wanted to make the outsource partners name tagged to show up here you can do that.
So right here you can select that and you can make that a heading 3.
For example if it's not hitting 3 and that's heading to show up here.
And then if you go back al-Shehri will happen.
It'll pick up that that sample data that will appear right below here outsource burner's update fueled
up to the entire table always.
There it is great.
We are done with the management team.
I'll see in the next lecture where we will talk about product and service making great progress.